#Lie
I haven't been in many physical fights in my life.  Of course, most of the fights I've ever been in were at school. One sticks in my mind. Somebody who previously, I'd thought of as a friend Kenny Slipper (not his really name), decided that he was going to beat me up in the playground. I know, childhood is cruel.  I'm not one to ascribe any rise in violence to watching violent films, but I think he might have been watching one of the Sylvester Stallone Rocky movies, which were very popular at that point. Although most of his moves weren't boxing moves.  After an initial scuffle he backed me up against a wall and squared himself up to throw his whole weight against me (I was a lot more slender than I am now). But unfortunately for him, because he was fighting like they do in the movies - where obviously,for dramatic effect, it's important telegraph a move before you deliver it - I could see what he was about to do.  But that rather than pleading with him not to do it, suddenly, from nowhere, perhaps because he was being so transparent, I got a tiny bit of playground fighting smarts.  I let him fully commit to flattening me against the wall and then simply moved out of the way. That was the end of the fight right there and he never bothered me again.

What I was engaging in, in that playground scuffle with Kenny was deception.

Deception is impossible to avoid. If at some point during the process of fighting you aren't concealing something, or making your opponent think something that isn't true then your advantage cannot be anything other than the difference in strength between the two of you. So, if you're being totally honest, the best that can happen in the fight is that it turns into wrestling.

Of course, that's assuming that your opponent is as stupid (I'm sorry, that's what being totally honest all the time is) as you are.  If your opponent isn't as stupid as you are, your opponent will have absolutely no problem in lie and deceiving you to get an advatage that makes the fight "unfair" - that gives them more of an edge than mere wrestling.