#Lots of Goes
You probably won't win your first fight.  You might not win your tenth fight. The only way that you will get better at this is with practice.

But remember that fighting isn't wrestling.  Fighting is deliberately intruding onto someone else's territory (like the bull's) to gain a response.  In bullfighting that response is to get the bull to charge.  In real life that response may be merely to get the bull to acknowledge you, to understand where your territory is, to understand that you have any claim to territory.

When you start to see a bullfight in every occasion when somebody intrudes on your territory, or when there's a conflict over territory between you and someone else, you start to see opportunities for bullfights dozens of times a day.

I had a realisation when I was thinking one morning about the whole thinking like a bullfighter concept on the way to work on the London underground.  The walk to the train station is about a mile and it takes me 20 minutes.  And on the way, there must be a dozen territorial spats.  For example, at the bottom of my road there is a pedestrian crossing.  Actually two, one for the traffic in each direction.  When I get to the second lane - the one heading into the city, there are often cars parked across the crossing.  So that when the signal turns to green for me, I feel enraged.  While the signal is green, this is my space.  They should get out of it.  I feel especially enraged if it's someone who should know better, like a police car, or a bus. That's a potential bullfight, right at the bottom of my road. 

Two hundred yards further on I walk along the bank of the Thames.  It's a path shared between cyclists and pedestrians.  There are signs all along the route to indicate that the cyclists should keep near the river and the pedstrians should walk down the side of the building that borders the path. But nobody neither cyclists nor pedestrians pays attention to that meaning that cyclists rush up silently behind you and could whizz either side.

If you live in a big city there are lots of opportunities to intrude on other people's territory and see what it feels like relatively safely! For example, if you travel on a busy train, there will be opportunities to ask people to move their bags, either men or women.  If you don't take public transport, there are opportunities in busy cafes to ask someone if it's OK to share their table. And if you don't live in the kind of place that ever gets busy (I've lived in Kansas) then you could try just sitting at the next table to someone in an empty cafe. One very important thing about these things, is you should try them out somewhere where nobody knows you.  And as you're doing it, check in with yourself.  What does it feel like to even *mildly* invade someone elses territory?

Part of the reason that you should do it where nobody knows you is that you should be aware that what you're doing is perfectly safe, there'll be no comeback for your slightly strange behaviour, and if at any time you've had enough and you don't want to transgress anymore, well, then, you can just get up and leave.

But one reason you should do this exercise, and not just once, you should do it *regularly* is that doing the exercise - actually just *thinking* about the exercise makes it abundantly clear where the boundaries are.  It also makes it clear that there's a powerful feeling that comes from deliberately, confidently breaching those boundaries.

Another thing that you'll find about doing this kind of exercise is that when you deliberately breach boundaries, you're very present in the moment.  Why? Because you're tresspassing? You remember when you were kids and you went into the neighbour's orchard, or went looking through your older brother's drawers, or tried to steal money from your mum's purse? Were you in the moment? Of course you were, because you were trespassing.

And this holds out a very tantalising thought when you I things about being "in the moment", I often imagine them being a peaceful thing, I imagine being in the moment while sitting at home in stillness. But what if an easy way to be in the moment is to put yourself - slightly - in danger. To encroach slightly on someone else's territory.