#The Very Idea of a Verbal Fight Club

So one of the things to really understand about thinking like a bullfighter is that is in order be effective at thinking like a bullfighter, it's important to have lots of goes, and these need to be safe goes.  We've talked about how it might be OK to mildly encroach on other people's territory when you're out and about, or even at work.  We've talked about how it might be Ok to mildly reassert your territory while you're out and about, or even at work. But to take risks and get things wrong, you need to be able to practice in a safe environment where you can go to far, get things wrong, and try things again and again and again until they become second nature.

##Welcome to Verbal Fight Club
It's seven thirty on a mid-week night in the city and the combatants arrive at the venue. They are all ages, all shapes and sizes.

The room is a seminar room, somewhere where, if everyone shuts up the room would actually be reasonably quiet.  There are chairs around the outside of the room, but no tables.

We do some warm-up exercises to increase the energy in the room. And then we get into pairs, and we argue.  For some of the exercises I (did I mention that I'm the facilitator, this is my fantasy verbal fight-club) arrange people in pairs, so they won't just pair up with people they know or people they like the look of, and so the quite ones and weird or intimidating ones won't be left out.  For other exercises either I do a demonstration with someone, or the whole group watches two people talk.

What sorts of exercises do we do? 

We do an exercise where one person reads comments from a list and the other tries to figure out if they're attacks or not. Then we swap over.

We do an exercise where one person reads out an attack and the other person blocks, rights, deceives or runs away.  We talk about how these things feel.

Then we do some unscripted verbal fights.  But before we do, we talk about the rules of Verbal Fight Club.  And the first rule of Verbal Fight Club is that you can hold up your hand at any time and stop the conversation.  The second rule of Verbal Fight club, is no personal remarks unless they are explicitly allowed.  And of course, the third rule of Verbal Fight  Club is "Talk about Verbal Fight Club" tell everybody, because we really beleve that if we can improve the ability of people to defend themselves in verbal confrontations we can make the world a better place.

Then, for those who feel confident and comfortable, we do some "gloves off" fighting.  We get the people who feel confident doing it to write down on a card what the worst thing that someone can say to them (or the worst thing that they can handle someone saying to them in VFC).

##Welcome to Online Verbal Fight Club